Step 1: Set Up AWS Environment
        Create an AWS Account: Sign up for an AWS account if you don't already have one.
        Set Up IAM Roles: Create appropriate IAM roles with permissions for EC2, Lambda, ECS, RDS, and S3.


Step 2: Choose the Deployment Service
    EC2: For full control over the environment.
    Lambda: For serverless and event-driven applications.
    ECS: For containerized applications.   

Step 3: Set Up the Database on AWS RDS
    Launch an RDS Instance:
    Go to the RDS service in the AWS Management Console.
    Choose the database engine (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL).
    Configure instance details, including instance size, storage, and security group.
    Set up the database credentials. 

Step 4: Store Model Files on AWS S3
    Create an S3 Bucket:
    Go to the S3 service in the AWS Management Console.
    Create a new bucket and configure the settings.
    Upload Model Files: Upload any necessary model files to this bucket.

Using EC2
    Launch an EC2 Instance:
    Go to the EC2 service and launch an instance.
    Choose the instance type and configure instance details.
    Set up security groups and key pairs.
    Deploy the Application: SSH into the instance and deploy your application (e.g., using a Docker container or directly running the application).

Using Lambda
    Create a Lambda Function:
    Go to the Lambda service in the AWS Management Console.
    Create a new function and configure the runtime environment.
    Upload your application code (e.g., as a ZIP file or using an S3 bucket).

Using ECS
    Create an ECS Cluster:
    Go to the ECS service in the AWS Management Console.
    Create a new ECS cluster.
    Create a Task Definition:
    Define your container(s) and specify resource requirements.
    Run the Task in the Cluster: Deploy the task to your ECS cluster.

Step 6: Set Up CI/CD Pipeline
Use AWS CodePipeline:
Go to the CodePipeline service in the AWS Management Console.
Create a new pipeline and configure the source (e.g., GitHub repository).
Add Build Stage:
Use AWS CodeBuild to build your application.
Add Deploy Stage:
For EC2: Use CodeDeploy to deploy to EC2 instances.
For Lambda: Use the Lambda deployment action.
For ECS: Use ECS deployment action.
Example CI/CD Pipeline Configuration
Source Stage
Connect to your Git repository (e.g., GitHub).
Build Stage
Use AWS CodeBuild to build the application:


version: 0.2

phases:
  install:
    runtime-versions:
      nodejs: 12
  pre_build:
    commands:
      - echo Installing dependencies...
      - npm install
  build:
    commands:
      - echo Build started on `date`
      - npm run build
  post_build:
    commands:
      - echo Build completed on `date`

artifacts:
  files:
    - '**/*'
Deploy Stage
EC2: Use AWS CodeDeploy to deploy to EC2 instances.
Lambda: Use AWS Lambda deployment.
ECS: Use ECS deployment.
Step 7: Testing and Monitoring
Test the Deployment: Ensure that the application is running correctly.
Set Up Monitoring: Use AWS CloudWatch for logging and monitoring application performance.